Small changes from the TFE January release (#544)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/index.mdx

Once an object is soft deleted, any attempts to read the object will fail. Until the garbage collection process begins, you can restore soft deleted objects using the APIs described in the [configuration version documentation](/terraform/enterprise/api-docs/configuration-versions) and the [state version documentation](/terraform/enterprise/api-docs/state-versions). Terraform permanently deletes the archivist storage after the garbage collection grace period elapses.

> The organization policy is the default policy applied to all workspaces, but members of individual workspaces can set overriding policies for their workspaces that take precedence over the organization policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The organization follows the default policy applied to all workspaces, but members of individual workspaces can set policies for their workspaces that override the organization policy.
```
Aye, my B, an "overriding" policy would "take precedence" by definition.
